Uncle, you have to make the decision for me, Uncle
This woman is going to fire me as soon as she comes
I have been working in the factory for so many years
There's no merit. There's toil.
uncle
Chen Daneng is 36 years old
A total of 38,000 yuan was advanced in salary after 7 years of admission
What is your position?
Executives or technical backbones
With so much salary
He was the foreman.
80 yuan a month.
How did you get so much money from the factory?
Who asked people to live up to the fact that they were the acting factory manager before?
You you lie
This is not my advance
son
This is what my aunt used to build a house for me
Nine or nine lines
I already knew your aunt hired her mother's family
I didn't expect it.
He actually put his hand on the bus in the factory
Uncle's future factory revenue and expenditure
I would like to invite professional talents to manage it
What would you suggest?
This factory was originally owned by Lin'an
I've been in charge for so many years
It didn't get anywhere.
And caused you so much trouble
Since Lin'an has come back now
Then it's still up to you
You let go and do it
Uncle, you can't leave me alone
Uncle A Peng Ronaldinho
Go away uncle
To my uncle
Okay, do you have any comments now?
Don't worry.
If there is a punishment, there must be a reward.
We will issue a new employee code later.
The above also records everyone's new salary structure
Start today.
Everyone's salary
Increase by 10 yuan on the original basis
As long as everyone obeys the discipline
I guarantee that everyone can make more money.